[docs][material-next] Add contributing guide (#39944)
mui/material-ui: packages/mui-material-next/CONTRIBUTING.md

## Steps

1. Copy component files from `material` (v5) to `material-next`, including tests, types, and utils. Keep in mind to:
    - Add component export to `packages/mui-material-next/src/index.ts`
    - Change imports from `@mui/material` to `@mui/material-next`
    - If there are utils that don’t exist in `material-next`, add them by copying from `material`
    - Some utils imported from `../utils` might already exist in `@mui/utils`, if so, use the latter
2. Migrate component to Typescript. The extension `.d.ts` should be replaced with `.types.ts` (except for `index.d.ts` which won’t be necessary)
3. Remove deprecated `components` and `componentsProps` props, leaving only `slots` and `slotProps`
4. Drop support for `ThemeProvider` in favor of `CssVarsProvider`. In practice, this means:
    - Consuming tokens from `theme.vars` instead of `theme`
    - In tests, using `CssVarsProvider` and `extendTheme` (both imported from `@mui/material-next/styles`) instead of `ThemeProvider` and `createTheme`, as well as providing the same `CssVarsProvier` and `extendTheme` to `describeConformance`'s `ThemeProvider` and `createTheme` options.

> 5. Refactor component to use Base UI hooks if it exists

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

We can drop this, it can be added later, especially if we aim at releasing only Material You as a change in v6 without other unexpected breaking changes

6. Implement Material You design specs. Add missing tokens if necessary. Use [material-web tokens](https://github.com/material-components/material-web/tree/main/tokens/v0_172) as a reference for token values
7. Add component playground to v5 docs, take the [Slider playground](https://mui.com/material-ui/react-slider/#material-you-version) as an example
8. Refactor styles to use component CSS Variables, following [material-web tokens](https://github.com/material-components/material-web/tree/main/tokens) and Joy UI’s equivalent component (if it exists) as guides.

## Other things to keep in mind:

- Except for the first step, there's no particular order to follow, but the proposed order has provided the best experience so far
- For every step, checking the components that are already in `material-next` will be really helpful
- Try to avoid breaking changes, keeping the component’s API the same:
    - An exception to this is to use Material You nomenclature and naming conventions, even if it would be a breaking change.
    - If breaking changes are inevitable, then document them right away in `/packages/mui-material-next/migration.md` and add the `breaking change` label to your PR.

> - Divide the work in whatever way makes more sense. One PR for all steps, one PR for each step, or anything in between

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Divide the work in whatever way makes more sense. One PR for few steps or one PR for each step, however keep in mind that smaller pull request will be reviewed faster
```
